---
layout: post
title:  "Assignment 4 Blog Post"
date:   2016-11-05
categories: jekyll update
---


<h3> <center> Creating Data! 
This Blog Post will be on what I've done for Assignment 4  </center> </h3>

#### *Group Project!*
My Group for this project consisted of Brynna `brynnaw` and Amanda `aehaney` and of
course me! `ErinGray19` <br>
These ladies were great! 10 out of 10 would group project again! <br>
With our powers combined, we were team <h7 style="background-color:#00FF00">
BlueBlueGreen</h7> <br>

- Here's a link to our [Github Repository](https://github.com/brynnaw/BlueBlueGreen-Assignment-4/commits/master) <br>

- And a link to my [Cloud 9](https://ide.c9.io/eringray19/assignment-4) (just in case you need that too)

#### *Reflection*
- We started out by having Brynna create the original `Prep` folder with our original and fun questions.
- After which, Amanda and I pulled the questions into our individual workspaces.
Our Great questions are: 

> What is your name? <br>
> What is your favorite color? <br>
> What is your biggest fear? <br>
> What is your major? <br>
> What was the last thing you ate? <br>

##### *Script*

- Our script, I feel like, was similar to what I did in our Assignment 3. 
- To ask a question, you want to make sure you `echo` your question. 
- Then, to be sure your answer is read as a variable you can pull up again later, you'll use `read food` (food can be replaced to match your answer needed)

##### *Unique Identifier*

- Our group had to play around a little bit in order to nail down the unique identifier string, but I was so excited whenever we figured it out!
- To do it, we basically used a function, very similar to the one we used on the date stamp (although, I'm not sure we needed to do it that way, now that I look at it)
- I think it was Brynna who happened to find the command for a unique identifier, after we'd tried a few things that didn't workspaces
- We ended up using the identifier `random` to be able to call that unique identifier to other places and used the command:
- 
> cat /proc/sys/kernel/random/uuid
- This gave us a beautifully large unique identifier! 


##### *Date Stamp*
- I personally was pretty excited that we got to do a date stamp (mostly because I did one in our Assignment 3!!)
- We used the function I'd used before without the added `Date Stamp:` identifier that I'd used before, to make it prettier when we merged it later
- The below function assigns the date stamp with the name `today` so we can recall it at the bottom
- The date is laid out with the command `date +%m-%d-%Y` to give us a MM-DD-YYYY format for the date
- We can call the date to show up wherever we need it to in our script with `echo "$(today)"`


> `#` Saving the date the user answered the questions <br>
> today() { <br>
>    date +%m-%d-%Y <br>
> } <br>

> `#` Tell the date answered <br>
> echo "$(today)" <br>

##### *Putting User Data into a CSV*
- This part had me all confused. 
- I knew we'd done something similar before whenever we'd combined all of our individual csv files into one csv file, but I was thinking about it wrong!
- I can't remember who in our group figured it out, but since we had everything set up with variables, we figured out that you can just `echo` all of your variables and pipe that into our already exisitng final csv!
- I was super excited that we were able to do that, I was so stuck on transferring files from one output to another, so that was a big lightbulb when we figured that one out!

##### *Finishing Up*

- Thankfully we didn't run into any conflicts, and were able to pull all of the scripts, run them without issue
- we all seemed to play pretty well together and everyone was very helpful whenever one of us would get off track or confused about something.
- I was pleasantly surprised with my group, the way we were able to tackle some of these issues
- I think my favorite part was when we figured out how to pipe our variable answers into our full csv, it was such a obstacle for me, only because I wasn't thinking about it correctly!

<br>
<br>
<br>
I hope you enjoyed my reflection, now here's another `Reflection` for your entertainment

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kgWiMm_Nffc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

